---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-home":true,"permalink":"/000-home/my-garden/","tags":["gardenEntry"],"dgPassFrontmatter":true,"noteIcon":""}
---

Welcome to a virtual visualization of who I am. I hope to make this a vibrant space where I share a good portion of my [[003-Notes/braindump\|braindump]] that I am putting together locally on [[003-Notes/Obsidian\|Obsidian]] out on to the world wide web. I am attempting to adopt the [[003-Notes/digital garden\|digital garden]] format where I can nurture my [[003-Notes/obsessive research\|obsessive research]] compulsion with joy rather than trepidation. This is the place where I will cultivate ideas that will start as sapling and become evergreen once they're fully mature. I got the original idea to create the garden from [[Maggie Appleton\|Maggie Appleton]] and the growth framework from [[Utsob Roy\|Utsob Roy]]. 

I am excited that I have a place where my ideas can bloom and I can just let my thoughts run wild until they get to a place where things start to make sense.

My favorite part about this journey is that I'll be able to be in continuous learning mode as I let my thoughts and ideas start intertwining into something special.  This is not just a repository, but a dynamic ecosystem where ideas flow and get nurtured through exploration and discovery. 

This personal wiki serves as a canvas for Idea Development, a platform where thoughts are not static but explored. It’s a tool for [[Personal Knowledge Management\|Personal Knowledge Management]], organizing the myriad pieces of information and insights collected along the way, making meaningful connections between them. The pursuit of perfection, the constant distractions, and the quest for optimal formatting were little pebbles on the road, sometimes impeding the [[flow of ideas\|flow of ideas]]. Once equipped with a selection of All the  [[003-Notes/Obsidian Plugins\|Obsidian Plugins]] and a deep dive into integrating [[003-Notes/obsidian and chatgpt\|obsidian and chatgpt]], a universe of possibilities opened up before me. Tailoring, using, customizing – every step brought me closer to the '[[brain activation mode\|brain activation mode]]', igniting a constellation of thoughts and illuminating the paths less traveled.

This garden is also a testament to my commitment to [[Learning in Public\|Learning in Public]]. It’s a space where the evolution of understanding is shared [[openly\|openly]], embracing the beauty of the [[learning journey\|learning journey]]. Every [[note\|note]], every [[link\|link]], every evolving [[thought\|thought]], is a step in this continual journey, inviting you to witness and partake in this [[exploration\|exploration]]. 

I envisage this space as a [[central hub\|central hub]], a focal point, where my mind is free to wander, explore, and yet, always has a place to return to. It’s a reflection of my commitment to [[Learning in Public\|Learning in Public]] and a chronicle of a journey that is ever-evolving, ever-growing. As I explore, experiment, and sometimes, go full [[YOLO mode\|YOLO mode]], I invite you to join me in this adventure, to witness the blossoming of ideas, and to be a part of this [[Learning Journey\|Learning Journey]].